docs: update 20-openid-connect.md (#4038)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/40-operator-guide/40-security/20-openid-connect.md

>         If you needed to register two separate clients, use the client ID
>         associated with the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you needed to register two separate separate clients with your IDP,
        additionally set `api.oidc.cliClientID` to the second client's ID.
```
